Add doc about how to get self subject attributes (#35385)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

| `APIPriorityAndFairness` | `true` | Beta | 1.20 | |
| `APIResponseCompression` | `false` | Alpha | 1.7 | 1.15 |
| `APIResponseCompression` | `true` | Beta | 1.16 | |

> | `APISelfSubjectAttributesReview` | `false` | Alpha | 1.26 | |

Author: My bad, fixed.

- `APIServerIdentity`: Assign each API server an ID in a cluster.
- `APIServerTracing`: Add support for distributed tracing in the API server.
  See [Traces for Kubernetes System Components](/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/system-traces) for more details.

> - `APISelfSubjectAttributesReview`: Activate the `SelfSubjectReview` API which allows users

Reviewer: Should there be a line after this one?

- `APIServerIdentity`: Assign each API server an ID in a cluster.
- `APIServerTracing`: Add support for distributed tracing in the API server.
  See [Traces for Kubernetes System Components](/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/traces-for-kubernetes-system-components) for more details.

> - `APISelfSubjectAttributesReview`: Enable the authentication API to see the requesting subject's authentication information. Required to use the `kubectl alpha auth whoami` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `APISelfSubjectAttributesReview`: Activate the `SelfSubjectReview` API which allows users
  to see the requesting subject's authentication information.
  See [API access to authentication information for a client](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#self-subject-review)
  for more details.
```
